"I fancy it's General Zhigalov's," says someone in the crowd.

"General Zhigalov's, h'm . Help me off with my coat, Yeldyrin  it's frightfully hot! It must be a sign of rain . There's one thing I can't make out, how it came to bite you?" Otchumyelov turns to Hryukin. "Surely it couldn't reach your finger. It's a little dog, and you are a great hulking fellow! You must have scratched your finger with a nail, and then the idea struck you to get damages for it. We all know  your sort! I know you devils!"

"He put a cigarette in her face, your honour, for a joke, and she had the sense to snap at him . He is a nonsensical fellow, your honour!"

"That's a lie, Squinteye! You didn't see, so why tell lies about it? His honour is a wise gentleman, and will see who is telling lies and who is telling the truth, as in God's sight . And if I am lying let the court decide. It's written in the law . We are all equal nowadays. My own brother is in the gendarmes  let me tell you ."

"Don't argue!"

"No, that's not the General's dog," says the policeman, with profound conviction, "the General hasn't got one like that. His are mostly setters."

"Do you know that for a fact?"

"Yes, your honour."

"I know it, too. The General has valuable dogs, thoroughbred, and this is goodness knows what! No coat, no shape . A low creature. And to keep a dog like that!  where's the sense of it. If a dog like that were to turn up in Petersburg or Moscow, do you know what would happen? They would not worry about the law, they would strangle it in a twinkling! You've been injured, Hryukin, and we can't let the matter drop . We must give them a lesson! It is high time  . !"

"Yet maybe it is the General's," says the policeman, thinking aloud. "It's not written on its face . I saw one like it the other day in his yard."

"It is the General's, that's certain! " says a voice in the crowd.

"H'm, help me on with my overcoat, Yeldyrin, my lad  the wind's getting up . I am cold . You take it to the General's, and inquire there. Say I found it and sent it. And tell them not to let it out into the street . It may be a valuable dog, and if every swine goes sticking a cigar in its mouth, it will soon be ruined. A dog is a delicate animal . And you put your hand down, you blockhead. It's no use your displaying your fool of a finger. It's your own fault ."

"Here comes the General's cook, ask him Hi, Prohor! Come here, my dear man! Look at this dog . Is it one of yours?"
